deal with the world the way it is not
the way you wish it would
be this isn't us at impact Theory being
in a bubble there is a whole world of
hyper successful entrepreneurs for whom
it's not enough to have made a ton of
cash they really want to do
[Music]
something what is up everybody we are
here at the Steve aoke by Burton luggage
collection release if you guys haven't
already seen it I interviewed a not too
long ago he and I have since struck up a
friendship he is an amazing dude super
excited to be here supporting him so
let's go check it
out Fame matters I wish it didn't but
the reality is that's just human nature
at work humans are pack animals we are
social creatures and we are looking to
find out who are the highest status
people in the group and so literally you
can just see the mob move through here
as they follow steeve
because Fame matters like being able to
get people's attention that's why
influencer culture is changing
everything because when people attach to
you when they feel connected when they
feel a certain kinship AB Bond then
you've got their attention and when you
have their attention you've got
something worthwhile for
sure all right the party has now moved
[Music]
upstairs
I don't know man I'm a big dreamer to be
honest I like it what's the big dream
the big the big dream the big dream is
is as I'm helping myself as I'm getting
better obviously you you're trying to
evolve and you're trying to make come
become better as every day um I also
want to help people so how do you make
it a
business that's what I don't that's what
I haven't gone to yet that's why I'm
doing some self search and I'm you know
whatever it takes meditation or uh
listening to speakers or whatever it is
to see what it is because obviously I
want to find something I'm passion I'm
going to fast forward you 10 years solve
a problem yeah so everybody wants to
help somebody and I love that that means
you're coming from a great place but at
the end of the day to really help
somebody there's got to be a
self-sustaining economic vehicle behind
it otherwise you're coming with your
hand out so I don't think philanthropies
are the answer I don't think your
mission is to get rich and then come
back and give back to people I think
it's really figure out what's a problem
that a lot of people have that from a
real place of joy and wanting to help
them that you can solve the the problem
I think that a lot of people have is
they have this sense of I want to help
because it feels good and you
know that you're moving the world
forward but they don't know what that
shape that takes and until you know the
shape you won't it'll always be
oneon-one you'll you'll touch lives
people will be stoked that they met you
but it doesn't scale
so if you're really going to help at
like a big level you've got to scale
where was the stepping stone where you
thought of an idea and then all of a
sudden you were like I'm going scale
this it was getting goal oriented and
asking myself of everything I was doing
is this moving me towards my goals or
not and when I can see that it wasn't I
knew that I had to adjust so it was
mentors reading as many books as I could
find if I were you now I would read I
would watch podcasts and I would make
sure rather than really collect the
highest paycheck I can I would find the
person who is living the life that I
want to live and get them to trade me
knowledge and connections for my time so
if you follow me socially you know I
have a pitch go to the person's living
the life you want to live and say the
following I will work harder and smarter
for free for 90 days in exchange for
knowledge and connections at the end of
that 90 days I proved myself so valuable
you'd rather pay me than lose me pay me
if not at least I got knowledge and
connections you got free labor
scale dude that's the plan thank
you for everything you got
it every time I come out to an
event like this I'm Blown Away by the
people that I get a chance to meet met a
couple people here tonight that are
absolutely incredible I can feel that
they're the beginning of an ongoing
relationship dude thank you for that
intro man you guys I knew that was one
of those things where like like them no
that could be amazing and when you're as
obsessed with scaling as I am you know
that there is one truth that you have to
burn into your nervous system and I
cannot remember where I first heard this
but your network is your net worth the
people that you meet the relationships
that you cultivate they are going to be
that next phase in your development
there are going to be that next
relationship that next partnership that
next thing introduction that turns into
something that allows you to scale and
grow and get Beyond yourself because
that is the thing about scaling you will
never scale if it's just you you have no
leverage so you've got to meet other
people that can get the ball rolling
that can introduce you that can give you
that key piece of information that you
need to really go on and do something so
get out there meet people be yourself
Let your freak plag pie introduce
yourself stand super awkwardly
next to somebody that you want to meet
like I did tonight and just say what's
up introduce yourself tell them what
you're up to and if you want to be
interesting be interested ask them find
out what they're about find out what
makes them tick that's the secret
that'll get them rolling and then you
can see if there's a real connection and
if there is from that something can
build so get out there do something meet
people
peace